README.md, before:

# k8s

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Development](#development)

---

## Description

This module installs, configures, and manages a Kubernetes cluster built from
loose components.

The main focus is towards the current stable versions of K8s (1.18.x+), but it
should be able to handle both older and newer versions without issues.

## Usage

Setting up a server node (apiserver, controller-manager, scheduler);
```puppet
class { 'k8s':
  role               => 'server',
  master             => 'https://kubernetes.example.com:6443',
# generate_ca        => true, # Only set true temporarily to avoid overwriting the old secrets
# puppetdb_discovery => true, # Will use PuppetDB PQL queries to manage etcd and nodes
}
```

Setting up a client node (kubelet, kube-proxy);
```puppet
class { 'k8s':
  role   => 'node',
  master => 'https://kubernetes.example.com:6443',
}
```

## Reference

All parameters are documented within the classes. Markdown documentation is available in the [REFERENCE.md](REFERENCE.md) file, it also contains examples.

Commit message:

add hint to set etcd behavior, fix tests

README.md, after:

# k8s

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Development](#development)

---

## Description

This module installs, configures, and manages a Kubernetes cluster built from
loose components.

The main focus is towards the current stable versions of K8s (1.18.x+), but it
should be able to handle both older and newer versions without issues.

## Usage

Set k8s::server::etcd_servers to a list of servers or k8s::puppetdb_discovery to `true`.

Setting up a server node (apiserver, controller-manager, scheduler);
```puppet
class { 'k8s':
  role               => 'server',
  master             => 'https://kubernetes.example.com:6443',
# generate_ca        => true, # Only set true temporarily to avoid overwriting the old secrets
# puppetdb_discovery => true, # Will use PuppetDB PQL queries to manage etcd and nodes
}
```

Setting up a client node (kubelet, kube-proxy);
```puppet
class { 'k8s':
  role   => 'node',
  master => 'https://kubernetes.example.com:6443',
}
```

## Reference

All parameters are documented within the classes. Markdown documentation is available in the [REFERENCE.md](REFERENCE.md) file, it also contains examples.
